feat: Editorial review: Long animation frames API docs (#33039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancescripttiming/forcedstyleandlayoutduration/index.md

---
title: "PerformanceScriptTiming: forcedStyleAndLayoutDuration property"
short-title: forcedStyleAndLayoutDuration
slug: Web/API/PerformanceScriptTiming/forcedStyleAndLayoutDuration
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.PerformanceScriptTiming.forcedStyleAndLayoutDuration
---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

> The **`forcedStyleAndLayoutDuration`** readonly property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the total time spent by the script processing forced layout/style, in milliseconds. See [Avoid layout thrashing](https://web.dev/articles/avoid-large-complex-layouts-and-layout-thrashing#avoid_layout_thrashing) for an idea of what causes this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`forcedStyleAndLayoutDuration`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the total time spent by the script processing forced layout/style, in milliseconds. See [Avoid layout thrashing](https://web.dev/articles/avoid-large-complex-layouts-and-layout-thrashing#avoid_layout_thrashing) for an idea of what causes this.
```

> The **`forcedStyleAndLayoutDuration`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the total time spent by the script processing forced layout/style, in milliseconds. See [Avoid layout thrashing](https://web.dev/articles/avoid-large-complex-layouts-and-layout-thrashing#avoid_layout_thrashing) for an idea of what causes this.

Author: applied suggestion

> The **`forcedStyleAndLayoutDuration`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the total time spent by the script processing forced layout/style, in milliseconds. See [Avoid layout thrashing](https://web.dev/articles/avoid-large-complex-layouts-and-layout-thrashing#avoid_layout_thrashing) for an idea of what causes this.

Reviewer 2: thanks
